Happy New Year!
I missed you all so much.
It feels like a long time.
It feels like almost last year.
From Hollywood, California.
In the year Enterdomini 2017, Harmontown is now in session.
Music plays
Let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown.
Happy New Year.
Hello Jane.
Well, how about that Meryl Streep, huh?
She won something.
She made a speech.
She made a nice, long speech that was nice.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
She kind of, she kind of, you know, kind of,
she was very, very specifically chided Trump,
specifically for his mocking of the disabled reporter,
which really was the kind of the, I don't know,
I don't want a bunch of women to go like,
wait, what about the Grab on the Pussy thing?
It's not a competition.
But she was like, you know, she's Meryl Streep,
so she's like, she said it broke her heart,
and it's like, you know, at this point,
even if it was a fake election,
or even if it wasn't, like, like, like,
he kind of lost at this point.
He kind of, like, like, you'd rather, you know,
if he lost the election, Meryl Streep might like him one day,
you know, like, but he won, and now he's just damned forever.
I would rather not be president and have Meryl Streep like me,
is what I'm trying to say.
Yeah, but he doesn't care.
He just wants people to say his name out loud.
He loves it.
Yeah, thanks, that's a good counterpoint.
It's true, he does like attention, doesn't he?
All right, well, you know what,
there's a bad thing that Meryl Streep talked about.
What was the award she won? What was the event?
The Golden Globe. It's about time she got one.
And Donald Glover just found out,
because I was scooching through all these things,
I don't know, Golden Globes, I never care about them,
but Donald Glover's show Atlanta won Best Show,
as far as the best comedy slash music show,
and he won Best Actor.
So congratulations.
I really, really got to check out that show.
I have a lot of catching up to do on my friend's shows.
At a scale of 0 to 100 percent,
which is what 100 means,
how much, I mean, be honest,
do you feel responsible for Donald Glover's success?
Two percent.
Because there's absolutely no way he,
if he hadn't been cast on community,
he wouldn't have been cast on something else.
The video was a result of him sharing a manager with the Russo Brothers.
Joe Russo was like, look, hot tip,
forget filling this role of this like,
Podunk football player guy,
just put a star in your show before he becomes globally famous,
and he was absolutely right.
All of these community actors have gone on to amazing things,
and a ton of that credit goes to the Russo Brothers
for their wisdom in the casting process.
They said, do Alison Bray for sure,
and stuff like that,
like a lot of credit to them.
And Donald for sure, it wouldn't have mattered.
If you hadn't been cast on community,
it would have been anything else.
And then that would have been the place
where everybody first saw that he was a genius,
and then he would have gone and done Atlanta or whatever.
I mean, the guy is like, he's just going to eat the moon next.
Eat it, and everyone's going to go,
I can't believe someone ate the moon.
It was like, well, did you meet Donald Glover?
Where is Harmontown going to go for our colony
if he eats the moon?
We can live on Donald Glover's head.
We have to kill Donald Glover.
Let's not make assumptions.
That's breaking rules.
You just said he's going to eat our colony as a home base.
But I broke the third of the four agreements when I said that.
I made an assumption.
I think that's the one.
Is there an assumption about not living on someone's head?
No, I made an assumption.
What?
You proposed that we could live on his head, and that seems...
I'm not judging. You're so drunk.
I'm not drunk at all.
You're not drunk. All right.
Well, good that I'm really not judging.
I'm just concerned about you now.
You're drunk.
My voice is scratchy, so I'm going to kind of come in and out vocally.
Oh, okay. All right.
Well, I, uh...
I, uh...
I have a scratchy voice, too,
so it's going to take me a second to pull up my notes.
I thought you were going to say,
I apologize, but that was never going to happen.
Well, what did I... I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I accused you of being drunk.
Is that what I did wrong?
That's for starters.
I was dismissive of you as a person.
Yes.
Which is bad.
Agreed.
Makes you feel bad, and, uh, I...
And it also breaks one of my four agreements,
which is I was not impeccable with my word.
I used my word to...
Did you create black magic instead of white magic?
Which seems racist.
A racist distinction, but maybe the...
Maybe the fifth agreement is be racist, and the guy just left that out of the book
because he knew it's some more copies. I don't know.
He talks a lot about black magic and white magic.
I'm like, careful.
But at any rate, uh...
I cast some black magic on you.
Bad magic.
Sorry. It won't happen again.
Well, I can't... I can't make assumptions.
I will try to make it stop happening.
I'm working on it. I'm in therapy.
Let's see, Meryl Streep.
Are you drunk?
No, no.
Not yet. I mean, I'm gonna get drunk up here.
Uh, all right. Well, so, I mean, just, you know, politics corner.
Like...
So, Spencer...
Hey, guys.
Whoa, you're drunk.
No, man.
No.
Isn't it perfectly feasible to accept election results
and also want the winner investigated for treason?
Like, can't you just... Why is it every time?
It's like, this is a big deal.
Like, it's... The intelligence community say,
okay, yeah, there was an order to interfere.
There was all these things.
Now, the only thing left to do is to ask who knew what and when.
If there was collusion, it really doesn't matter.
Yeah, if, for instance, Roger Stone was tweeting evidence of collusion
with Julian Assange before the WikiLeaks leaks dropped,
that would be very highly interesting for, you know, maybe people to know.
Yeah.
Like, if he, for instance, tweeted three separate times,
you know, like, weird things that alluded to the fact that Julian Assange
is looking to leak helpful stuff to his campaign
and that they were gonna win the election for it,
that might be really, you might be able to build a case off of something like that.
I need, I need something that's more just,
I would like to maybe take up just a peek at the tax forms.
Yeah, no, I'm just saying, just as a starting point on public record where,
I mean, that's just, you know, that should, that alone should be like,
yeah, let's investigate this whole fucking thing.
Yeah, because didn't we put people to death because they told some people
about some stuff with the atomic bomb?
I mean, we take treason very seriously still in this case.
It's treason, we call it treason.
Yeah, it's a bad word.
And it says, it doesn't, but if you say anything like,
well, this seems bad, we should look into this.
What you get back is, yeah, but emails.
And I'm like, okay, but that election's over, kid,
or are you a Russian troll bot now?
But like, okay, so that election is over,
we just need to now know, preferably before the inauguration,
does he belong in prison?
Like, congratulations, you won.
Now, I need to see all of your tax information from your 1987
when you were going over to Russia to talk about building hotels
all the way through you, you know, marrying your Czechoslovakian wife.
Yeah, I mean, it's common knowledge.
He can't borrow from American banks.
He is tied up in Russian financial assets.
And that's just, we know that, we can't prove it,
but everyone knows that, and it's like that might very well lead
exactly, it might say like Putin, like personal check,
it might say that.
There might be, isn't this all the government?
I mean, what can't you just now at this point,
if all of the intelligence agencies say, yeah, this is a thing,
can't you now just even, you don't even have to subpoena,
can't you just walk across the hall to the IRS
and take something from one cabinet and put it in another cabinet?
Yeah, you would think, you certainly would think.
Also, in a world where you can hack everything,
somebody hack this motherfucker?
Hack him up?
Like, how do we get our best people or our worst people on the job
and hack his tax returns?
Most people believe that that probably has happened long ago,
either at the same time as the, I mean, because what better,
all the better, I mean, that's just pure speculation at this point,
but it also just makes perfect sense from a game theory perspective
to just like go, okay, now we have all the, you know,
all of the information on them as well,
and now you just have a president, like, it's a crazy sci-fi novel.
But I don't want to go that far because it's like,
it gets tangled up in this thing where people think that you're trying to say
he's not allowed to be president, no fairies do overzees.
I'm not saying that, I just want to know if my new president belongs in prison yet.
I'm a firm believer in the, I think it's the 13th amendment,
which is no cuts, no butts, no coconuts.
And it's insane that 20 amendments later, women were, we got the coconuts.
Yeah, why was that?
It took us so fucking long, it was crazy.
We're so backwards as a people.
That's like, all right, so, yeah, so I almost drowned in Fiji,
but Cody saved me.
Wait, I didn't hear it by this.
I was with you for a week in New York, I didn't know that you almost died.
Well, it wasn't like, I mean, it was to be expected,
like, when you look at me and imagine me walking into the ocean,
like, what do you think is going to happen?
So I didn't think it was like big news, I was like,
it would be like if I went on a roller coaster and I was like,
I got pretty sick and I wouldn't like even tweet that, I'd be like...
But not to be diminishing, you seem buoyant.
Which is what Cody is assuring me.
She's like, you'll float, you'll float.
And I'm like, no did, but I'm dying.
Like, I swear it was just like muscle to like weight or something.
I don't know, it's like, I just kept, she's like a little bean
and she fucking like zips.
We were not snorkeling and she's like,
like a UFO.
And when she was a little speck, I was like, Cody, Cody, too far.
Then I came out a little bit more and I was like,
flippers aren't touching the sand, that's my deal breaker in snorkeling.
I need flippers, flipper tips to touch sand.
I'm not a pussy.
I'm not saying I need to be able to stand up and have my head above our,
I just need to be able to graze the sand with my flipper tips.
And when that stopped being a...
Flipper tips go whoo-woop.
That's only in the mountain.
You're supposed to be making breakfast.
That's like an alarm clock.
It's just for decoration, man.
That's all.
That's all, man.
All right, we're dating ourselves.
We are?
How romantic.
Next thing we'll be talking about techno viking.
These kids...
Their first memory is the OK Go video.
It was playing in the maternity word lobby.
So anyway, yeah.
So I was...
I was floating and I saw her little head.
I'm like, well, if my flippers can't touch sand,
she's in shark world.
You should come back and she's like, zip, OK.
And then she went away.
And I was like, all right, that's good.
And by doing this for like 20 minutes,
look at the sand underneath.
It's so great to have a snorkel as I can breathe.
And then I just look up and I'm like in the same spot.
And she's just...
And then I was like, Kodak!
After a while.
I said, I'm starting to panic.
I said, don't panic.
I am already.
I waited until I started to say something.
And she's like...
And I was like...
And then I just started...
At a certain point she comes over and she's like, just paddle.
And I'm like, I've been paddling and I'm yelling at her.
I'm like, this is how people die.
This is how they die.
And she says...
I got to a point, I swear, where I said go on without me.
And here's why.
Because I was that convinced I was actually dying.
Believe me, if I thought I had a chance at survival,
I would have risked killing her trying to live.
I'm not a hero.
I just was so certain she couldn't save me.
I didn't want to die and also have her blood on my hands.
So I was like, just go.
I don't want to die an extra guilty death.
I just want to feel bad about everything I've eaten.
And while I slowly sink to the bottom,
the four foot, four foot ocean floor.
One flipper length away from the bottom.
Oh, by the way, a crab crawled on my fucking body.
Before I got out there, that should have been an omen.
I shouldn't have gone out there.
There's sticks and shit.
It's all beautiful. It's crystal blue ocean.
And you can see the ground through it.
And it'll be like a diaper.
And I won't assume it's like negative parents.
I'm assuming it's like an adventurous kid or something.
But like sticks and moss.
So you try to steer clear of the debris
and then some shit hits you.
And then there was like a thing.
It was like a little tickle thing.
And I was like, yeah, what is that?
And then I turn around.
I'm like, what the hell was that tickle?
There was a fucking crab going, what are you doing?
And I was like, ah, ah.
But you're moving in water and you can't.
I'm like the Titanic and he's like a little DiCaprio.
Like he's just moving.
I didn't see the movie,
the physics involved in it was part of the plot.
It's like moving towards me.
So I'm trying to do like the dune blade thing
where it's like I move slow so that I can get out.
But the crab is faster.
And he wants to be on me and I don't know why.
And then he crawled back on me again.
So I take out my snorkel, my breathing apparatus.
I'm like, okay, got that.
And then I hear this laughing.
And it's these four Fijian kids
who are like 20 feet away and they're just laughing and pointing
and it actually made me feel better.
Because the Fijian people are very, very nice
and children of course, as we all know, are wonderful.
But they weren't like, I don't think they were like,
they weren't like, ha, ha, he's going to die.
So I was like, they were like, ha, ha, that must be a crab.
Like they could tell from my movements.
It was like, look at his first crab or something.
And I was like, oh, if that's a bit here, then I'm safe.
They look like fucking cartoon crabs.
It looks like a goddamn deep fried soft shell crab,
but it's alive.
Wait.
Try to paint the picture for me.
It's crab shaped?
Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
So then I get out there and I'm like, die.
And then Cody's like trying to haul me.
And I'm like, you're just going to kill yourself.
Just get out of here.
And she's like, Dan, just grab Otto's.
But you thought you were going to take her down with you?
Yeah, yeah.
That's why I said, go on without me.
Because that's what they teach you in swim class.
I took a swim class.
I mean, in gym, they said like, don't, if somebody's drowning,
you know, you got to know how to save people a certain way
if you're a lifeguard because people just,
drowning people will just kill you.
They're just weapons in the water.
They don't even know they'll kill you as soon as they look at you
because they're drowning.
They've been given, they're like a 28 days later person.
They don't even know who you are.
They're just trying to stay above water.
And if you go out to them, they'll try to climb on top of you.
And then they'll like, I need four more people so I can stand.
And then they'll be like, Josh, oh, they'll feel terrible.
But it'll be too late for Josh.
Don't be a Josh is what they said was the poster in the lifeguard,
lifeguard class that I took.
So I said, go on without me.
But then what I did is she did like a little frog stroke thing.
And I just, I just grabbed her a little butt.
And she just slowly towed me into shore.
And I was like, well, if I, yeah, I just died,
just squeezing this little tushy.
It was nice. It was nice.
She was right.
It wasn't really anywhere near death ever.
But it's the thought that counts.
I think with near death experiences,
if you think that you're dying, then that's because it's,
that doesn't count with murder.
But with death near death experience, the thought does count.
The thought doesn't count with murder.
Attempted murder, the thought counts.
In the eyes of the law.
Right.
So anyways.
I'm glad you're alive.
That would have been a trouble way to die.
Yeah.
I saw this, I saw this like forensic files or something where a guy like,
a guy like took three women out on a boat and he had his way with them.
Yeah, I saw that one.
You saw that one?
Yeah, I've seen them all.
And then, and then, and then just cinder blocks.
Yeah.
Fuck it.
That's, that's the worst way to die.
Right.
Like being alive and being thrown overboard with a thing, you know.
Yeah, that's fucked up.
That's gotta be the worst way to die.
And also, what, you're shaking your head?
No, no, no, no.
Steve Levy has, has better way.
Steve, Steve, just going like this.
He's like, no, no, anti-aircraft round shot from the 300 meters through your gallbladder.
You'll, you'll die over three days.
Like he has some dark thought in him.
The thing about, if I, if I'm remembering that forensic files well enough, it was,
they didn't all go over at once.
Like one girl watched them all go over.
Like she knew she was next.
Well, yeah.
It's not just, oh, I'm not, and I, and I will pass out in 30 seconds.
She watched the whole thing go and that's fucked up.
Yeah.
She's like, she's like, he's not going to do that and then bring me into shore.
And like, so tell me about yourself.
Like one, one Peron, like in Argentina, like during, during his reign, when they had dissidents
there, the way that they got rid of people, they would fly a plane up and everyone that
was on the ground saw the plane.
They know what was happening.
They'd fly him over the river and they would just toss you out of the plane.
But they didn't just fly you up and toss you out.
They flew you around for a while and they blindfolded you and the plane was full of just piss and
shit because everybody's emptying their bowels because they know what's going to happen.
Perhaps he's wondering why you'd shoot a man before throwing him out of a plane.
That's a little bane.
Batman 3.
A little movie called Batman 3 that's from, I mean, Littlefinger fucking got it in that
plane, right?
Or wait, was that Littlefinger?
Yeah, that was Littlefinger.
Yeah.
What a show.
What a new year.
So, all right, so here's my last Fiji thing I'll share.
Everybody's, oh, you're running into all your friends and they've all been somewhere and
they've got to tell you a bunch of shit you don't care about.
I'm not accepted.
I am no exception.
My lack of exceptionality will make me unaccepted when I tell you my last Fiji story.
So, everybody, when you land, everybody goes, you've got to try kava.
You've got to do this kava stuff.
And so, I asked at the resort, I had no plans on stepping off at the resort, but I also
was curious, is this a place where you can step off at the resort?
I'm not a worldly man.
I'm not a geopolitical expert.
I dropped out of college.
I don't know.
So, I asked the driver all the way from the airport because the airport was either under
a lot of construction or maybe it's a third world country.
And I was safer to assume the latter.
I didn't see any part in our dust signs and I didn't see any portraits of anybody that
looked democratically elected.
So, I asked a few questions on the ride to the resort.
So, how does the government work here?
It was like, oh, it's a democracy.
I'm like, all right.
What do you have?
A president?
Is there a president and a prime minister?
So, how often do you have elections?
Four or five years?
Why does it change sometimes?
Well, we're in a little bit of a transition.
Okay.
All right.
That's all I needed to hear.
But then I heard some more.
They're in the military and their buddy's the prime minister and the president.
They run things and they run a tight ship over there.
So, I'm like, that doesn't really tell me.
I was like, well, are tourists safe?
Like, are you driving through these neighborhoods?
Like, it's definitely poverty, but you're not seeing like crime poverty.
It's not like broken windows.
It's just like poverty.
So, which is a thing that my western brain is kind of like not, the big part of the story
is that I'm not really able to compute that yet.
Like, if I see certain physical characteristics of a building or a vehicle or something like that,
I'm immediately feeling like I'm in danger and this is a pretty broke place if you're
not on a resort.
And so, I was like, yeah, I would probably just stay on the resort the whole time.
So, I go up to the bartender at the resort and go, so what's the deal with the Kava thing?
What's the Kava situation?
Oh.
They do this thing.
I'm like, okay, it's like a gimmick here.
I think that's like Kava.
And then he's like, he says to the guy, and then another guy, and the other guy says, like,
oh, you have to do it in a ritual.
Okay, sure, beer pong, you can say the same thing.
And it's like, well, there's another ritual.
Oh, there's no ritual schedule
because it's the holidays or something like that.
Or you'll have to schedule and talk to my boss,
there's someone's up.
So I'm like, and I go to Cody and I say,
we have to schedule a ritual if we want to do kava, is that?
And then the pool boy is like, do you want to do kava?
I'm like, yes, pool boy, I do.
And he says, you can do kava with me and my family.
And I'm like, okay, pool boy, please go on.
And he's like, well, you could do it here,
but if you want it, do you want to do it in the village?
And Cody's like, yeah, you're supposed to do it in the village.
That's what I heard, do it in the village.
And I'm like, okay, well, how would we do it in the village?
Well, you know, I'll pick you up.
Like, let's see, I get out of here like seven, eight.
I was like, half past eight, meet me.
I'll just meet me outside,
and I'll take you to my neighborhood and we'll do kava.
And go in the back, in the back,
because the front is like, bleh.
But he's like, everyone in Fiji has this,
it just radiates with this joy, this friendliness,
which if you don't trust them,
makes it seem like the first act of an Eli Roth movie.
Like, not that Eli Roth movies are famous for their structure.
I just like, but they do have first acts.
Thresholds are crossed, and before they are,
people are like, yay, it would take our shirt off
and laugh, have fun, and then everyone's happy,
and then there's these welding torches and things.
So, like he has an ove.
Okay, so he's like, and I made a couple of jokes
because I'm like, I don't want to be offensive.
That would be an awful thing,
but I do also want to say out loud if I'm gonna die,
like, we're not gonna die, are we?
And so I did, and he's like, come on, it's Fiji man, come on.
I'm not trying to do their accent,
it's like part Jamaican part,
like I don't know something else,
like it sounds like they're just,
it's islandy and joyful, and it's all smiles,
and just relax, and so you don't know,
you're just thinking like, I'm gonna die.
So you're doing village kava, not pool boy family kava?
We're doing, no, we're doing,
the village is pool boy's family.
Okay.
Yeah.
We're doing that versus.
But you're not doing the sanctioned hotels or anything.
We're not doing safety belt, like, yeah,
overseeing like candlelight dinner.
You're doing Eli Roth kava.
Yeah, it's like you and Tim Allen's family is joining you
because they also wanted to do kava, like no,
we're not doing that.
We're getting into the pool boy's car
under cover of darkness off of the resort,
passed a sign that says, don't do this,
by a bridge where there was a dog eating,
we don't know what, it could have been another dog.
The dog was stoked, but that could be because,
you know, he won, he was friendly,
but he licked Cody and she was like, oh, he's so cute.
Oh, oh, it was like a rat licked her, you know,
like it was like, he was vermin,
like we think dogs are man's best friend,
but they're vermin's in some places, vermin dog,
it was a vermin dog.
And they run around everywhere, they're just dogs, you know.
You should have a travel show.
Yeah.
You should like.
So we go out to the bridge,
but they put the place where they say,
don't, it says, don't go past this,
the sign to the resort.
Well, they're biased, you know,
of course they want you to stay there.
Yeah.
It's their money.
So, but also that's the same sign they'd have there
if you were going to die.
Remember the crocodile that everyone blamed the family
for, you know, they're an alligator or whatever?
It's like, oh, there was a sign that said,
don't go over here in Disneyland
and they went and the alligator ate their kid.
And everyone was like, there was a thing.
Fucking don't side with a corporation
if a wizard eats your kid.
Can we have one fucking rule
before we all blow ourselves up?
Can we, can we, can we go out
not having sided with lizards?
Do we have to, do we have to get that low before we die?
I was like, I'm with the lizard.
Let the lizard finish.
Hear him out.
I'm just saying, there was a sign.
Chop, chop.
So you and Cody are in the backseat of a guy's car.
So we get to the thing.
And we, it's like, and then the guy's like,
he's not showing up.
And like part of me is like, you know, like good.
Like now I don't look like a pussy in front of Cody,
but also we're not going to die.
So like, we waited a half hour and it's like,
even there's a whole thing, Fiji time, Fiji time,
man, Fiji time.
It's like this joke.
It's like, look, if you have a name for it,
there's like T-shirts that say Fiji time.
It's like a whole thing where it's like,
oh, if you order a drink, you get it a half hour later.
How long did it take you to make the T-shirt?
Fucking, just.
Make the drink, not the T-shirt.
Don't be proud of it.
They're not a tip motivated culture, Jeff.
All that anxiety that makes us shoot each other in the states.
You know, it's that's the dark side of the coin
that results in a little hustle when you order your drink.
Everyone's freaking out and like, they got shit to do.
Then you go to Toronto and they're like grilled cheese.
All right, if I feel like it.
And you go to Australia and they're like, good day.
But good, good morrow, here's your drink.
Whoa, I ordered this yesterday.
It was a good day.
I don't know, I tried to riff a thing.
I'm a world traveler now.
Everyone's slow except America when you order your drink.
That's all I'm going to say about that.
So there's nothing coming.
So we go, OK, good.
Let's just go watch forensic files
so I can continue to be relaxed.
And let's just like, let's just lay in a bed
and there's birds and things that are a little alarming,
but whatever.
So what was Kava?
So then there's headlights.
Oh, there's headlights.
Oh, guys, there's headlights.
And then it's like, that makes it even scarier
because now you really feel like you're
in this fucking Eli Roth movie because there's this moment
that the director put in where you could have lived
if you just hadn't fucking walked back.
You had every way to just walk away
and there were headlights and then we all go back.
And I just like, I'm like, so bummed out.
I'm like, all right, let's go.
And it's just a fucking like, shitty, shitty car pulls up.
It's just, dude.
And then also there was just dudes in the bushes.
Like, there had always been there.
I was like, I thought that was the dog coughing the whole time,
but it was just like six people gone.
Like, it was like they just came out of the bushes
to freak us out as we entered the car, even though they weren't
with the people in the car.
But the pool boy gets out and it's like,
with a guy he doesn't introduce, he's smoking a cigarette,
and he's just like, they just open the doors and the pool
boy is like, OK, you ready?
And I'm like, yeah?
And then we get in the car and I'm just like,
hanging on to that thing you never hang on to, not
because they're driving fast, but just because I'm like,
it's just something you do when you're freaked out.
Like, you're just like, choo, choo.
And they're playing music and they're strangers.
And it's like, if the physical realities of what we were doing
were happening in the States, you'd be like,
I think I might be in big trouble here.
And you're trying to think, am I carrying bigoted first world
contaminated toxicity into this situation?
Is this a story about me being an ignorant, white,
like fucking pig-headed, like judgmental, toxic person?
Or is this going to be one of those stories where it's like,
what were they thinking?
Like, the editors of Dateline would be like,
this doesn't even merit an episode.
Just send it to whoever replaced Bob Saget if there's video,
assuming there's some video involved.
Because I think it'll be funny because they deserved it
because they didn't listen.
They went to a different country and they just
got in a stranger's car, like fuck them.
Are we in an urban legend?
Or are we the urban legend?
Are we the fucking dumb shitheads?
So I'm trying to split the difference
so I'm being just silently terrified and not going,
you're not going to kill us, right?
And Cody's is talking and going like, so do you have family?
I'm thinking, good, smart Cody, smart.
Humanize them.
Yeah, yeah, I have a daughter.
What's your daughter's name?
Good, genius, Cody, genius.
It's Marianne, and my wife's name is such a size.
Good, good, good.
So it's having a half hour drive.
And he says, oh, and then first you
have to go buy the kava.
This liquor store is just made out of chicken wire,
and it smells like a diaper.
And you get a big case of shitty beer, and you pay them,
and it's all prearranged anyway.
It's like all the prices are.
They just get a big newspaper bundle full of this root
that is mystical.
And I'll take a newspaper load of mystical roots
and some jolly ranchers and a Michelob ultra.
And then you get back in the car, you go to the thing,
and he goes like, when we pull up to the house,
my whole family's going to come out.
And they're going to be standing out there,
and they're going to say, boo la boo la.
And when you get out, just say, boo la boo la.
You're going to love it.
It's going to be great.
You're going to love my family, man.
And then they only pull in.
That's how you get killed.
And there's just like a dude by a mailbox,
and he's smoking a cigarette, and he sees the car,
and he makes a gesture at the guy, I think,
and then the other driver's like, oh, and then the other guy's
like, oh, well, it says something.
I mean, that sounds like a la Akbar, didn't I?
The guys, there's no family outside this Texas
chainsaw massacre hut that there's just guys in the darkness
that you can only see them because they can't stop smoking.
There's just like little orange clothes that just,
and then they're gone, and then you just
like darting eyes and like fucking like, step out.
And there's no family out here.
We're like, we step out, and there's like one dude comes out,
and we're like, boo la boo la, and then we go into the house.
What?
Oh, there was a fucking tomb, yes, there was.
I think it was a tomb.
There was like a memorial plaque on top of a six foot
by two foot by three foot high cement rectangle.
Had to be a tomb.
Anyways, so we walk into the place,
and there's his whole family, and his wife,
and their beautiful little girl, and everyone's like,
boo la boo la, and it's like, it's fucking fine.
Everything's fine, because I am a bigot in a asshole
and a fucking jerk.
Because immediately it was just like,
you could see the expression on their face,
and then they had a bull out, and they knew we were coming,
and they couldn't wait, and all this shit.
And it was just like, oh, fuck.
And the crazy thing is, how quickly, how sure I could be
that man is evil, that there's no fucking way.
I just thought, all the calculations
I was doing in the car on the way there,
was like, I just kept thinking, well,
there's no way we're going to die,
because he'd never get away with it.
There would be no profit in it, so that would be stupid
to kill us, and then the thing that started freaking me out
was like, who says criminals aren't stupid?
Like, what if it's his first murder?
Did that happen all the time?
The prisons are overflowing with bad murderers.
They're just bad at it.
They're just dumb.
They're just like, I'm going to try killing a bunch of people
and see if that will make me a bunch of money.
And they're wrong, but that's of no comfort to the victims.
Anyways, what I never bothered to think during the entire car
ride was, oh, we're not going to die, because man is good.
It's actually all that stuff that you are always
running your mouth about as a hippie, and a liberal,
and a nerd, and it's like, oh, all that stuff is actually
true, and if there's an island small enough,
you'll find that out, because there's like a million people
that live there, and they're just like happy and don't really,
they don't fucking think about murdering people all the time.
It's just not something that runs through their head,
so they're neither good nor bad at it,
nor do they ever think to even bother to say,
by the way, I know this looks like a murderer car,
but they wouldn't think that.
They wouldn't be like looking at their car and going,
like, come on, Jacob, make it look less murdery.
Spray the hubcaps a little.
There's murder dust on them.
The, you know, murdery, so like, I never thought about that.
The weird thing is how convinced I was that I was gonna die,
and how specific my map of the universe was,
how definite it was.
The really weird thing is that how it took eight seconds
for it to go completely away, and that how comfortable
I was with being that wrong.
How I immediately then was like, oh yeah, yeah,
then there's that other version of the universe,
that you're also 100% convinced is real.
Where shit bad shit doesn't happen, you just have,
you know, that was the weird thing about the experience,
was like looking within myself and going like,
wait, do I even have a brain?
Do I even have an identity?
Do I have a point of view?
Like, is this country just like,
are we just like unimprinted, unindulcturated drones,
that are like, spit out of like a little metal dish?
And I'm like, we're kind of like-
You started a show calling me drunk.
We're kind of intentionally,
I didn't know drunk was an insult to you.
I have a scratchy voice, and I'm being inarticulate.
All right, well.
I was just making a joke to you, man.
I've said it on stage before, like, hey man,
are you drunk?
And sometimes you've been like, you bit your tits.
Like, I just thought it was,
I didn't know, I didn't know, man.
All right, so, they sang us a song.
It was an amazing night, like this guy.
Wait, what's the song?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
They get up and sing a number?
Yeah, yeah, they sang us a song.
I have the recording of it, but it was a great night.
It was like, some of the most valuable things
that I got from them, because it was like,
again, we started talking about politics,
and they were like, yeah, like,
it's not good here right now, like, politically,
but it's not a Fijian's job to deal with that shit.
Like, we do what we're told.
It's like, just say this shit that, like,
as Americans, we just go like,
it's almost like you get mad at them.
Like, you're like, fuck you.
Like, it's like, we think you're a bad person
if you don't figure out who to be mad at
and what to do about it.
And yet, we're not really getting anywhere with that.
Like, and I'm not saying they're flying around like Jetsons.
Like, they're not, they're living in plywood lean twos,
and then they're saying things like,
like, when you say it's beautiful here,
they always say thank you.
Would you say that if you were like,
it's like, every Western kind of like,
go to London, and they go like,
that's beautiful here, and the Londoner goes like,
pfft, but they always go like, they go thank you.
Like, you complimented them because they're very proud
of how they live in paradise, and they all,
like they just do this thing, or they keep talking about,
I don't know if it's a talking point that was like,
sent down to everybody, or they keep going,
because you hear it on the airplane,
and then you hear it from the driver,
and then you hear it, it just keeps coming up like,
by the way, thank you so much.
Your tourism dollars like, are really helpful here.
That's like, that's maybe 80% of their economy there.
Like, they might have one or two agricultural products,
and then tourism is the main revenue there.
So they're quite happy to have like, tourists there.
Yeah, because otherwise they'd be working
in the sugar cane fields, as they say,
but it's like, that's still no reason to like,
in my mind, to thank me, because as I explained to them,
I'm like, I don't want to bum you out,
but you probably know I didn't come here
to do you a favor.
Also, I thought most of you are murderers.
Yeah, I did tell them that, I mean,
I've been telling them, yeah,
before they murdered me, but they were so,
yeah, and I don't know, they're just like, when you have troubles,
like they lift you up or something like that,
I can't remember it, I should have written it down,
but they said something really inspiring.
And then they,
they said, it's all about the people,
and it's all about how you react to things.
You know, like, if you're having a shitty time,
if you're as a culture, as a tribe, as a village,
as a country, like, it's, the thing that defines you
is not whether you fight it, whether you don't,
whether you say something right or wrong,
it's just how you face that thing,
like who you are when you either go down or prevail,
like, and the way to make sure you're on the right side
of everything is to side with people.
It's starting with your family,
then very close second, your entire village,
because they are your family,
and then your entire species is a close third,
if not tied for second,
and if that means that bad guys
are gonna take advantage of you and say,
oh, now we own this, and you get to live in a tire swing,
well, okay, then that's what they do.
And it's like, it's not like, oh, let's all go do that,
like, I think, you know, but it was also like,
oh, geez, like, there's really,
there's really only one wrong way
to handle what we're dealing with right now,
in this time, in our world,
and that's to be, like, to let them make us pissy,
like, while we're going down or up.
Like, if whether we win or lose,
if we got too fucking uncharismatic
while we were doing it,
like, then they would have won that victory too,
and it's like, just sucks,
because you just get the sense that a big part of this war
that we're in right now is,
it's between dumb people and smart people,
it's between uncool people and cool people,
and like, they are a little sick and tired
of all the cool, smart people running everything,
and they're actually openly saying that,
so you gotta think, I think they're already lost,
and they know that,
and that makes them the most dangerous opponent of all
if we continue to be surprised
that they won't listen to reason,
if we continue, we just gotta like,
look at this as like,
there's a fucking werewolf in our house,
is it, or is it something like,
vermin dog just wandered in the,
we spent the days after the election going like,
okay, well, are we gonna handle this like,
we forgot the rust belt,
and then there's other people going,
I'm sick of that shit, fuck the rust belt,
and we all got confused,
and like, how do we handle this,
what do we do, still don't know,
but I just know that like,
this is death staring us in the face,
and like, you know, we may be two inches
from our flipper touching sand,
or we may have just swam into the Baltic on accident,
and this is it, but in either case,
you know, don't yell at your girlfriend
when you're going down.
Grab her, grab her, grab her butt,
and, and do as I say, not as I do,
because I have yet to follow this rule,
I'm fucking pissed, and I hate,
and I'm afraid, and I'm,
you know, this guy admires a fucking autocrat
that murders, murders people,
just plain and simple, murders,
first journalists, like first and foremost,
which like, in our culture is supposed to be
like the fucking like, sin of all sins,
like not, oh, it's like, it's like,
it's like, you know, like when,
when the 1920s Chicago stuff was happening,
like, the thing that ended it all in the public's eye
as a journalist got shot, you know,
like, like, so one of the gang, gang families,
like they just, they didn't like
how they got written about by,
and there wasn't even, journalism wasn't even like
in its peak form back then,
it was almost worse than now,
but still it was like, hey, you don't do that,
you don't fucking like, shoot a guy
that writes for a newspaper
because you're having a disagreement with here,
but now we're just like, fuck it,
like, Putin just fucking murders,
just look it up, look at the list of people
that he's just murders, he's just orders.
His day job was the KGB, those were the people
that pulled you out of your house
and shot you in the head, like that was his day job.
And Trump openly admires him on Twitter
for our fucking amusement and says like,
he's got it going on better than abroad being president.
And it's like, we're gonna fucking die,
but it's like, we can't be shocked by it,
we gotta be like, we're gonna fucking die.
It's just different from like the Richard Lewis,
we're gonna die, you know, like, like,
we don't need Richard Lewis right now,
we need, we need Bill Gates.
Richard Lewis was a comedian back in the 80s,
very neurotic, he panicked a lot.
But I'm not saying he's a bad person
if he wants to come on the show and talk about it.
I love Richard Lewis.
I just mean, as far as our spirit animals are concerned,
we need to go with more of a...
More of a, what's the comic that we should be going for?
I think Ancia, I don't know.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Stan Hope, we need to be more Stan Hopish.
We need to have Stan Hope.
I hear female voices grumbling.
I mean, like, there's, how about this,
there's no, there are no heroes,
like we're, let the other team think that the idea
is that you need a perfect quarterback
and then your team can win all that stuff.
I think the thing that they resent about us
is that they think that we're like a sexless,
raceless, hoard, a bored cube that's gonna swallow them up.
Let's just let them be right about that
and stop waiting for some like fucking superhuman Tom Cruisey
but not offensively Tom Cruisey guy to lead us all
because it's like, let's just be a committee,
like, which is what they've always feared
and what I've always resisted,
but let's just have common sense and be like, yeah,
it's hard to be a throng of people
that tries to make sure that everybody is relatively safe.
It looks a little bit like this.
It doesn't look like Bill Pullman's speech
in Independence Day.
That doesn't work in real life though.
Like, if you want to save the economy
and the ecology and the equality,
you have to like actually just spread it out
and run things by relative commission.
What am I talking about?
All right, so they sang this song and Cody recorded it.
This is the ending of the song.
It's this beautiful, you know,
they say like, when you sing this song,
they have this whole preamble.
Yeah, paint the picture.
You're in somebody's home right now?
Yeah, it's like, just imagine like really like the poorest,
like, we're sitting on the floor,
there's like, and on the floor, there's like that.
I'm getting notes from Levy.
Levy was there too?
Yeah, yeah.
Levy, come out, do you want to come out and...
Steve Levy.
Yeah, I'm not gonna go do altered states drugs
without my assistant.
I remember the car ride there,
I turned to Cody and I whispered to her,
I was like, I'm so scared.
She was like, don't be.
But I was like, look at Dan.
He, Dan, Dan was like this.
See Dan, I always thought of you
as a very intrepid adventurer and voyager.
Yeah, I mean, I'm a real thrill seeker
when it comes to what I eat and drink.
It was a pretty incredible experience.
I was terrified, the whole waiting for them to come
and then the exchange and then getting in the car
and driving into the middle of nowhere.
Okay, so then they go, so we have a great time.
You're sitting on the...
Yeah, they walked us through the village
and it was, there were no lights,
so there's no light pollution.
And it was, you've never seen stars like this
in your entire life.
You literally haven't because we're in a different part
of the planet where you can't even see the Big Dipper.
It's a different constellation.
Yeah, yeah, you're seeing different stars, which is awesome.
They call it the Big Dipper.
They have a medium sized Dipper over there.
We've been looking for it forever.
Awesome.
Also, they tore apart our cosmic kitchen.
They have one constellation.
Where's our medium Dipper?
There's one constellation called Orion's Bracelets.
It's good, this fucking belt is useless with that.
Where am I Orion's Bracelet?
Where's Orion's personal good that I bought with that belt?
The whole point of it.
So, yeah, it's like a thatched, like what do you,
they have like a mat on the floor.
It was like a, yeah, it was like what?
I don't think they probably roll out for company.
A reed mat, maybe?
Yeah, yeah.
And they, there are a lot of bugs everywhere.
There's big cockroaches.
Lizards, lizards crawling on the walls.
And there was an American flag on the wall.
We're like, why is that there?
And they're like, we heard you were coming.
We're actually a, it was a joke though.
We were the first Americans that they'd had in there.
It's usually Australians that they entreat to this.
But, so why is the, what's that American flag up there?
And they'd made the joke of like,
oh, you're expecting it?
And we're like, no, come on.
And they're like, no, one of their,
his cousin was in the Fijian Navy,
which is just, it's those four kids
who are laughing at me about the crab.
I kid Fiji's Navy because I'm safe.
The, but no, in the Fiji military,
I think the Navy, I assume,
and then there was like a, she met an American Navy guy
and he gave her an American flag
and she gave him a Fiji flag
and he's hanging her Fiji flag at his apartment.
And they have it.
It was very nice.
A lot of stuff like that where it was just like,
this is fucking beautiful.
And we drank this like mud water that's like,
they're, they present as if it's like,
they're like buckle up and it's like, all right.
The reason we went into the village
was we want to see the village,
but they said at the hotel, it's like,
yeah, this, the cover that we have here
is just kind of like the industrial, like it,
it's watered down.
I think you can buy this stuff at Greenwich Village.
It's a relative of the chili plant, but it's like,
I think you might get your head cut off there
for smoking weed.
So maybe they're like lightweights.
I don't know, but they, they're like,
it was like, you think it was ayahuasca
the way they talked about it?
But, and then you drink it
and you're like, ah, tastes like dirt.
And then you drink a bunch of cheap beer
until you get drunk.
Uh.
How many people are in this room?
Uh, like tea?
Yeah, it was, it was, it was a good amount of people.
Did you count Mary Ann?
Is that way we got our count wrong?
This is the most adorable little girl
you've ever seen in your life.
Steve took some great pictures
where he had his big ass camera.
All the kids are like walking around with giant iPhone,
giant relative to their bodies,
giant iPhones staring at the screens
and like, like, like dogs running around.
All right, so, so then they go,
okay, so before you go,
we sing this song.
It's like, and then it's an ancient tradition
and like, like, like, like in Fiji, everyone, you know,
there's no, like fences are offensive.
Oh, I like that.
Uh.
I take offense.
The song was about when, when the men went off to war
and the women and children, it was a song like-
Invented the alphabet.
It was a song essentially celebrating the men's life
and thanking them for, for their going to war,
but also for giving them whatever-
You really paid attention.
Yeah, well-
Have you seen Atlanta?
Yeah.
Okay, good.
I need you to brief me in the car on the way home.
The, the, so, so, yeah,
so we're going to sing you this song
and it's, it's, it's, you'll hear it
and it's like, it's, it's gorgeous.
It sounds like a Paul Simon album and-
They all harmonized.
Like it was just like built in.
Some of them are just on Instagram
and like kind of giggling.
Is this pre-Cava, during-Cava or post-Cava?
This is post-Cava.
We're like ready to go home.
Okay.
Yeah, Frito was like falling asleep, sitting up.
Frito's there too?
Yeah.
Okay.
My friend from, that we've met on the podcast,
my high school friend Dave Frito was there.
Comey, Cody, Steve Levy and Frito.
So then they sing this song
and so then we'll move on from Fiji,
but let's see.
And so you'll hear trains in the background and cars.
These guys are wearing like soccer jerseys
and Britney Spears concert shirts.
It's like, it's, it's not, there's not like a pretense
in that culture of like, we're one with nature.
It's just, it's, they live in paradise.
They live in poverty.
They love that they get to go work at a resort
instead of a sugar cane field.
But there's like no, and they're not like,
don't take pictures and don't do any of that.
It's just like, it was kind of a weird thing
to wrap my brain around.
It wasn't like, like, you talk to other people
that go like, oh, I went to the Serengeti
and they made a, I took out my phone and they said,
ah, ah, ah, and they made a phone out of a tree.
And then they're like, this is our phone.
And like, the sun came down.
And it's like, you're not allowed to have aluminum there
because it was, but this isn't like that.
It was just like, so you just hear these guys,
you hear like a freeway and a train and stuff like that.
And they're like trying to harmonize.
But then, then there's a part of the song
that I wanted you to hear.
Ah, let's see what it is.
That's the name of the hotel.
I'm like, did they just say, that's the name.
So beautiful, so beautiful.
Couldn't help but notice an advertisement in there
for the hotel we're staying at.
And they said, oh, well, that's the part of the song
where you talk about the place where we met.
I don't know, they explained it in a way that made me go,
oh, once again, I'm the asshole.
It's not integrated marketing.
It's just like, it's them allowing the first-world way
of things to be incorporated into how they've always
done stuff.
Did they give you like a name?
Did they give you like a special name for like your?
They made me the chief.
They said I was the chief.
Before we started doing Kava, you have to,
because we're the new tribe coming in to be like,
the Kava ceremonies, it's like they welcome you
into their village.
And you have to have a chief.
And they, to start the, they drink, it's one for one.
So someone, their chief drinks, then your chief drinks,
and then back and forth between all of them.
And then their chief's assistant drinks,
then Steve Levy drinks.
Yeah.
Oh, and they love Big Bang Theory.
They fucking love it.
They brought up television, and I was just like,
I just sat and listened for a little bit.
And they're like, yeah, we like, I don't know.
Because they're playing music.
They play some, they play like, you guys like Marvin Gaye.
Like, here's how far they are.
It's like, like, we told them we're from Los Angeles,
and they're like, oh, Elvis, like Elvis, Casino's.
And they're like, no, that's Las Vegas.
But it's like, it's kind of neat perspective.
Or you're like, oh, yeah, it's just like, yeah, the word is.
And it's like, Elvis isn't not from Los Angeles.
But anyways, but they were like, just talking about stuff.
Because it's like, they all have iPhones.
There was one dude who never got off his iPhone.
He's a teenager.
He's probably like, like, hitting on somebody,
or like, he's caught up in his stuff.
But the, and so they're like, talking about like, the TV
shows that they watch, and what we watch,
and all this stuff.
And then I was like, you guys like Big Bang Theory.
And I was like, I can room lit up like, what are they laughing
at on that show?
What are they?
That was the last straw.
Chuck Lorre is a black sorcerer.
If Fijian people love that show, I'm just, I quit.
I'm not saying because it doesn't deserve it.
I'm saying like, I don't understand.
Like, he's just a magician.
He just like, cast a magic spell on the planet.
They're watching Big Bang Theory and Fiji right now.
Fuck, fuck you.
I could have been retired.
Like, I promise if I hit that chat bar,
you won't hear from me anymore.
I'll go away.
I promise.
God damn it.
There's no Lorre town.
Fijian television was weird.
What's that?
Fijian television was strange.
We fell in love with one particular channel.
The Pyramot channel.
But before we left the house, this is the saddest fucking thing.
And as I often ask you, and which you never really
do me the honor of, but whatever, we're stuck together.
But I always say, will you please value my candor?
I'm confessing something to you.
I could whitewash myself like in my stories.
But I don't.
I tell you guys the monster I am.
And you still boo me.
But everybody left but me.
I was the last person in the doorway.
You guys were all going in the car.
It's just high on this mud water and this cheap beer
and just on life.
And probably Cody brought her vape pen.
And everyone's teetering into the car.
And by the way, these guys never asked for a dollar.
There was never even any like, oh, let's
take a Polaroid together at the top of the Kava ceremony.
And then on the way out, there's a rack of them.
And they're like, would you like one?
It's $80.
There was never any angle with the possible exception
of they like Kava and we bought them a bunch.
There was no angle.
There was no capitalism to it.
But that's a different matter.
But everybody else gets leaves.
And I'm in the doorway.
And the only person left is the elder who's
like 25 of the village, the guy who administered everything
and who did all of the talking.
He was like the lead singer of PM Don.
He had like a very like just radiant kind of like soft
but firm like kind of like spiritual power to him
and a big bowl of mud water in front of him.
And he just like he'd lock eyes with me and just explain things
and go like, what you're about to drink?
It's called the Kava root.
Kava root, as I say, the Fijian people.
We cannot escape this.
This is who we are.
We must drink this.
Now you will drink it.
We will be family now.
And all that kind of style is really cool.
But at the same get up, and it's just
him sitting across like on the floor in front
of his bowl of magic water and everybody else
to get in the car.
And I turn, and I go to the door, and I go,
I made a show called Community.
No!
Indy, start the plane!
Start the plane, Indy!
And he goes, what?
And I made a show called Community.
It's not as popular as Big Bang Theory.
If you have Hulu or something.
This is Joel McKayles at Community College.
And I just thought, I mean, I made some other stuff.
Taylor's a Rick and Morty.
And he's like, I'll check it out.
Bula, Bula, indeed.
I was not put on this earth to inspire people
with my fucking wisdom or my...
I admire your complete bravery in admitting that.
That's fucking, that's great.
And you know why I did it.
On the off chance that he would have been like,
The John Wilder!
You know.
It's a reference to Romancing the Stone.
They go to a thing.
You want to meet my little mule?
Oh, I'd have to take my little mule.
So, wait, where was I?
Left of what the fuck?
Paramount Channel.
Paramount Channel shows all of Paramount's...
It's the offshore account of the Paramount network.
It's like their fault of their worst movies.
How do we still make money off of these things
we lost so much money on?
There was a movie playing called Turbulence
with Ray Liotta and Joe...
Who was it?
The woman from Dumb and Dumber?
Yeah.
John Wilder.
Yeah, Turbulence, check this movie out.
I thought it was like fucking insanity.
Speaking of which, has anyone seen the accountant
with Ben Affleck?
What in the fucking...
What in the...
Trying to take an end run around the Batman franchise?
By saying he's autistic?
You gotta watch that movie.
It goes up with one of those...
Like, what's the one where...
Ghost World...
Johansson, she's a space lady
because she took the wrong kind of drug, Lucy.
She...
And Morgan Freeman keeps narrating
the amount of brain she's using.
At 3%, you could make people float.
And then she just makes them float.
And I don't know, where are the steaks
going to happen? And they never do.
Never any steaks.
There's steaks in the first eight minutes of that movie,
and the rest is her just going like,
now I can make you have bat wings.
And nope, now I'm a computer.
Think about it.
Peace.
But that movie...
The accountant is a lot like that.
And John Lithgow's in it and never disappoints.
Never.
Was that your Lithgow?
That's my Lithgow.
That's my Lithgow impression.
You have to keep your mouth a circle.
If you want to talk like Lithgow,
you have to keep your mouth a circle.
Like a lamprey.
Harry, get back over with the Henderson's.
And John Lithgow.
It's impeccable.
There's a little bit of Jimmy Stewart going on in it.
Harry, put those Christmas trees back on the law on the tree.
Now you're doing Don Knotts.
You went Barney Fife.
Andy, it is a wonderful life.
I did not have relations with that woman.
It's Don Knotts Bill Clinton.
It goes with that, right?
And it's a Popeye...
I don't know.
For those of you who are wondering,
Dan, how do you do all those impressions?
I have little tricks.
Little secrets.
Does anybody have a book on them or a magazine?
Like anything with text?
You do?
Can I see it?
The Party Game is the most terrifying Party Game of all time.
Well, you pass it around in a circle.
And so I'll pass it to Dan first.
And what I do is...
I'll give it to Dan.
Dan, you pick two sentences.
Anywhere in the book.
You pick two sentences.
This book is a hurt talk.
I'm a hurt talk.
That'll be good.
You pick two or three sentences.
And then when Dan has selected his sentences,
then I give him an impression to do.
He has to read those sentences as that person.
And you don't try to make him impossible.
Try to do one that's possibly impressionable
or impersonatable.
So when Dan, you're ready.
Or just do hurt talk.
Too easy, too easy.
I mean, we could do it.
You want to start as hurt talk, Dan?
My hurt talk is like, it really comes and goes.
I'll give you...
Some accidents that occur...
No, you're doing Highlander.
That's Ren from Ren and Stimpy.
You're doing Christopher Lambert from Highlander.
Peter Lorrie, Christopher Lambert,
and Ren from Ren and Stimpy.
Yes, Stimpy.
There can be only one.
There can be only one, Stimpy.
Rick, you have to hide these documents.
There can be only one.
You despise me, don't you, Stimpy?
You have to hide me, Rick.
You have to hide me, Stimpy.
I guess that's not really...
I'm sure they were going for Peter Lorrie
with Ren and Stimpy, but Christopher Lambert
is listening right now and going,
What the fuck?
I don't think so.
I am fast being sucked into the hideous vortex.
All right, do you have your sentences?
Yeah, sure.
Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, John Wayne.
Naturally, there are some things
that I have to take responsibility for.
During the filming of the scene
of the boat moving through the rapids.
All right, that's it.
That's two sentences. You did it. You got it.
Now, you get to pass the book to Spencer
or to leave it, whatever direction you want to go.
Spencer, you want to play this game?
I don't know people, but I'll try it.
Dan's job is now because Dan did it.
Dan gets to pick your impression once you've found your sentences.
Oh, God.
But you try to throw them a lot.
Yeah, I'm kind of bad at this,
but all right.
It doesn't have to be a lot.
Something that you feel like is, at least in the wheelhouse,
at least he knows who that person is.
Could be a famous president
or an actress or an actor
or a cartoon character voice.
You do you think you could do
Donald Trump?
Not really.
I mean, I'll try, but no.
The whole point of this game
is it's fucking terrifying.
Yeah, it's really terrifying.
Well, I get that part. That part is very clear.
For a time in West...
That sounds like Christopher Walken.
For a time in West Germany
and probably the most subsidized
film industry in Europe.
Not the world.
But I gotta tell you, it was never easy
that way to make films in Germany.
See, bad.
That's good.
It's not about being good.
It's about getting it done.
Can I play a video?
I specifically recorded it
because I was watching Mr. Ed with Cody for...
Oh, my God.
By the way, the pilot of Mr. Ed
is the goddamn funniest pilot
on TV has played.
I think Mr. Ed is Spencer,
kind of like...
I don't know if you'll be able to hear it.
He's throwing shoes
in a wastebasket, human shoes.
What are you doing? No. What is going on here?
People pitch horseshoes.
I just polished these.
Sorry, Wilbur.
We're just killing time until you got here
for our chess game.
Maybe a little later, Ed.
I've got a lot of things on my mind right now.
Okay.
Wait, so...
I'm so glad you guys coincidentally got quiet
just in time for that, because it was the okay
where I was getting out the camera.
So we found out that Christopher Lambert,
Peter Laurie Wren from Wren & Stimby,
it's Spencer, Mr. Ed, Johnny Cash.
Johnny Cash!
Hello, I'm Johnny Cash.
Wilbur.
Did you watch Horst or Not?
Yeah.
Oh, god damn it, that's an episode.
Ed goes to space.
He joins...
I have no spoilers.
He joins the space program.
And there's a shot of him
in a horse astronaut costume.
But that's not all Mr. Ed is.
Mr. Ed's genius is in that it's actually...
when Mr. Ed shines,
it's when it's working around
the fact that it's a sitcom about a talking horse,
to present you with just kind of funny...
it's like, you know,
it's just some good comedy writing on that show.
Good little couplets.
And the pilot, they buy a new house,
Wilbur and his wife is a name I forget,
and there's a horse here.
Oh, let's keep him, honey, I've always wanted a horse.
Oh, no, we can't afford it.
No, let's keep the horse.
And you can see Wilbur in the foreground
and he's brushing Ed's kind of rear end
and Ed's in the background.
Ah, I've always wanted a horse.
It's been a long time since I had a horse.
It's been a long time.
I was just a little boy, and in the background
it's been a long time since I was a pony.
But you don't see the...
Wilbur does kind of like a near-camera take
and he looks and is like,
no, no, no, no, no, that can't be.
Wait.
It must have been somebody.
He says like, wait,
you didn't just talk.
He was like,
say something, like what?
Anything.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
But right before that,
he goes like, he goes like,
you didn't just talk, did you?
And then he goes like,
did you?
Yeah, for the truth,
he goes, say something,
like what? Anything.
Yeah.
Yeah, what's the...
It's a weird show because it like
neither ignores,
and it was on for 11 years.
Was it really? No.
There's only two seasons on Apple TV,
but maybe they
took 10 years off between seasons
and were like, what the fuck are we doing?
I own the full
discology of that. I have all of the Mr. Eds.
They're really good.
There's absolutely never any explanation
for why he talks in the pilot
five minutes in when he...
Their first conversation ends with him saying,
but how?
How is it possible? I don't know.
Don't question it, Wilbur.
It's bigger than
the both of us.
Also, the thing is, he only talks
to Wilbur, which makes him look like a schizophrenic.
Yeah.
And then he goes like, why won't you talk to the bosses?
I don't know. I never trusted anybody else.
Yeah, because he's nice to him.
Yeah. But boy,
go there looking
to refill your feminism tank.
No.
That's a kept woman.
She's got no qualms
about it.
The B stories are about her
trying to trick him into buying her a TV
and it's just kind of like...
She's just all...
Maybe if I spray enough perfume and stuff.
What a terrible bunch of people those people were.
Good thing
we got rid of that.
Good thing the ladies are all
up to snuff now. They're all
the glass ceilings shattered.
Uh...
You think in this day and age
there could be a show about a woman
and a horse? A woman and a talking horse?
The answer is no.
Everybody would be like, what the fuck?
The next white shaft?
So sick of this shit.
Sick of this shit.
When's it going to stop?
When are you going to stop ruining my life?
I fucking love white shit.
You're killing me here, man.
It's everywhere.
What? Is the flash going to be
in a wheelchair?
It's not the point
of the flash, man.
It's important shit.
I'm so white.
I love being white.
I'm really proud of my race
because that's how you can tell
someone's accomplished something.
Is when they get all the way
down to racial pride.
That's when you know
that's like the guy at the horse track
that keeps the tickets
instead of ripping them up because he's like,
we'll always remember this day.
What are we learning about the master race?
Whenever it gets into action,
I'm just not buying it.
Really dumb shit happens
when these superior white people
get to do whatever they want.
They start doing really dumb shit
and they can't spell and they're not funny.
They have no comedians,
no singers. You know what my problem is
with white supremacists?
Where's the jokes?
For real.
Where's the material?
When I'm racist, it's fucking hilarious.
I've said this already.
I'm just like, how come when
your brick gets thrown through a window,
you know, it's like the note
is just so hack. It's like,
go back to Africa or whatever.
I'm not from...
I'm Indian.
I'm like, what?
What?
I'm not saying it would excuse it,
but if you're in a zone
where you're throwing a brick through a window,
we're writing something nasty
on cashiers,
those things that end up on Facebook.
Look what this person wrote and they didn't leave a tip.
They're never funny.
They're never inventive.
What are you releasing?
Why aren't you full of glee?
Why aren't you suddenly so excited?
Why don't you make something to this Asian person
that I could never ever say at work?
I'm going to make it just dumb and boring.
Like, you're Asian.
Get out.
And then they don't smile afterwards.
They don't go, oh, God, I love that.
They just go like...
Are you going to die?
You're going to die of racist expression.
You're going to be making you more
fucking angry.
Just say shit that will make you happy.
Say...
I'm not saying you have to be a good person.
Why don't you just say what's on your mind
that you want to say that would make you
less angry.
Like, you know, maybe you want to kiss a black person.
Maybe you should say that.
I want to throw a brick through the window
and it just says, I want to kiss you.
It's still not a good...
It's still a terrible crime smash.
Oh, my God. Honey, what happened?
A brick came through the window.
What's the note?
What does it say?
Do you like me? Yes or no?
Yeah.
Circle one. Check this box.
And then you hear tires squealing and,
sorry!
But then they go home and maybe there's like
eight more of those and they fucking relax.
They are.
They just...
I've never seen a group of people so upset
that they won an election.
They're so mad still.
And they're still so mad at Hillary Clinton about it.
It was like, take a break.
You keep saying things like, ha, ha, we won.
But you're not relaxing.
There are no smiles.
Smiles.
Two notes for racists.
Where's the jokes?
Smiles, people.
I want to see smiles.
That's how you win, you know?
Where's the zazz?
I'm going to start
a white supremacist party called
the Zazzies.
It's called Zazz.
I saw an article.
Bruce Springsteen, you know,
is saying, like,
good on him.
Because Bruce Springsteen probably
by default, a totem
of the rust belt
and therefore, you know,
so he's a good liberal.
It says, like, you know, just see,
fucking liberal.
And, you know, it's still dancing in the dark
and I'm still on fire.
I still want to know if your daddy's home.
I still got the rag around here
somewhere.
But I'm not happy about a Nazi in the White House.
And then there's, like,
the Breitbart article about that.
It's just, like,
it's like,
yeah, well, when's the last time he had a hit?
When's the last time he had seven sold-out shows
at the Meadowlands?
Oh, sorry.
It's just kind of, like,
there's something really satisfying
about watching
the right
every time, like, another
celebrity, like,
becomes their pinata.
There's this undertone of, like, who's left?
Like, who are you going to say
is nailing it out there
in La La Land if it's not
the people that are, like, famous for playing,
like, blue-collar characters
and stuff, like, they really
I love that. There's, like,
I wouldn't have really thought this if there would just be nobody
who wants to do the inauguration.
I think that's fucking hilarious. That's amazing.
It's, like, one of those things that you'd be like,
yeah, life doesn't really work that way.
You'll find out that ZZ Top is fucking Red Max
or something, and that they love it,
like, that they love Trump. Who knows?
Well, Bruce Willis is the fucking Trump supporter.
If he gets ZZ Top, he's got me back on board.
I fucking love the top.
They're a good band, you guys.
Have you guys seen this young pope?
Oh, no, no. Is that on yet?
I was looking for that. I don't know.
I've just seen all the pictures. I don't know why
you hear young pope
and, you know, you get a certain image in your head
and then you see, presumably,
Jude Law as the young pope
and you're like, wait a second.
I thought this was a young pope.
Like, I was picturing, like, a radical teen
skateboarding through the Vatican.
Oh, right.
That's a young pope.
He's wearing his mitre backwards.
Yeah. I checked
and when I say checked, someone tweeted at me
that the youngest pope was 16 years old.
What?
And that's just a pope. We don't call him young pope.
Yeah, but that was just a pope.
But that was, like, in the 1500s.
I don't care. I'm just talking.
Like, in terms of youngness of popes,
if you want to sell it on the premise of a young pope,
you got to go younger than Jude Law.
That's, like, less old pope.
Well, you know what you do.
Right.
Or just pope.
Yeah, younger than the last pope.
Yeah.
Not, not, I don't know.
I'm sure he does a great job.
It's not what you expect.
I really wanted to see someone with shades,
like, really skateboarding
through the Vatican.
Yeah, like, Pope Chad.
Yeah.
Pope Chad the first.
He's just the antichrist, right?
Is that going to be the thing? He's just the antichrist?
Is that the idea?
Jude Law?
Yeah, because it kind of seems commercial.
Like, oh, he's probably the antichrist, maybe?
Oh, I don't know.
Maybe I'm dating myself.
Uh, the, uh, here's the thing.
Here's the thing. I just realized this.
This is valuable.
Play the theme song for value corner.
Valuable insight, not information.
Valuable insight in me.
Something I just realized that's really noteworthy
that, uh, I want to put into the record
because I think it's fascinating.
Duck is the only animal
I like to picture while I'm eating.
I always do it.
Like, when I order,
when I'm eating ham, I never picture a pig.
Like, I don't want to.
Like, hamburgers, I don't want to picture a cow.
Uh, chicken, no dice.
Uh, but every time I,
let's see, like, oh, duck, duck, uh, duck prosciutto.
I'd love that.
And I always picture this mallard flying while I'm eating it.
I'm like, mm, yum, yum.
I'm like, oh, I'm going to eat this.
I'm going to eat this.
Like, I'm like,
it's extra delicious
when I think about his feather-covered breast,
like, nobly piercing the clouds.
Like, why?
Do you eat duck?
Well, rarely.
But then when I do, I'm like,
I'm going to eat a duck.
Like, no, I'm not going to eat duck.
Like, maybe I was like, uh,
was I like a, uh,
some kind of very large swamp cat
in a past life?
You might have been like a,
like a spaniel.
Yeah, yeah, like a hunting duck.
I don't feel that way about chicken or cows or anything.
I don't have like a herding mentality,
but I really want to fetch a duck.
Do you ever eat goose?
Yeah, because you're on to something,
because I don't like the taste.
It's not like, oh, I can't wait to devour the duck.
It's like, I can't wait to sink my teeth
into this flying mallard, you know?
And maybe bring it to my owner.
You might have been a Labrador Retriever.
That's why I get along with Harvey,
because he's a part,
neither of those dogs.
He's a Golden Retriever.
He's a, oh yeah, oh Labrador Retriever
is like half lab, half golden,
or is a Labrador Retriever its own kind of dog.
They're both Retrievers,
because they retrieve Labradors and, and Golden.
The Labrador Retriever does not retrieve Labradors.
Yeah, that would crash the simulation.
There would be like a zero,
division by zero error.
Honey, honey, why are there 11 Labradors
on our doorstep?
Well, we have a Labrador Retriever.
Why is the sky purple?
Someone threw a Labrador
and had a Golden Retriever
get it.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, it's like putting a portable hole
in it.
Yeah.
Right, Mr. Ed?
That's, no, oh, okay.
Is that what he said?
The We Fit Girl
was the lungfish of a life
spent on the shores of corporate
assimilation.
I was thinking about this today.
Walk me through that one.
Some of you kids too, too, too young
even to remember this, the We Fit Girl thing.
Well, too young to really experience it was
a scandal a little bit.
Remember the We Fit Girl, Steve?
I know the, yeah.
I don't pretend, I don't know.
Cody was on my elliptical today
and it was like her, her...
Isn't she a character in Smash?
Yeah, well, that's the thing.
If there's a scandal, that's weird.
Well, it wasn't a scandal.
Okay, look.
It was the girl at the ponytail
and she's in her underwear and a t-shirt
and she's doing the hula hoop game on the We Fit
and then there's like a guy filming it
and then the camera turns to him and he's like,
and then it goes back.
And then it went viral because it was like,
wow, she's so unintentionally,
globally catching our attention
with her innocent use of this
consumer product that happened to launch last week.
And then there was like a little mini scandal
where it was like they were on the Nintendo
payroll or something, right?
They didn't know about that.
Well, maybe that even goes more to my point
because whatever was scandalous about it,
I remember there was like just something
where it was just like, oh, did you know
that they got paid to do that or something like that?
Like, I was explaining that to Cody today
because she didn't know what the hell I was talking about
and I was like, and then I stopped halfway through
because she was like, that doesn't even seem like,
why would that even be a wrong thing?
Who cares if Nintendo gave you a bunch of money
and then you successfully staged
an innocent objectification video
of your supposed girlfriend or the thing.
And I was like, yeah, you're right.
That would be absolutely high-fived now
as just a piece of media that was successful
in a time when it's hard to affect people.
Like, and like,
I just thought that was noteworthy
that we were still so innocent like eight years ago
that we, I remember people being like,
yeah, but you hear that's fake, that's fake.
Anyways, all right, fuck you guys.
That wasn't the same segment.
You just, you put
parentheses around it.
That wasn't part of the duck thing.
I don't, I don't want that dragging
the duck thing down.
That was R&D.
That was like, that was like workshopping.
That's not even going to air on the West Coast.
You mayor, you mayor
all, all control.
He's got a point.
Fair enough.
Okay, so...
It's the best music of all time.
They speak three languages in Fijian.
By default.
The English Fijian, and Fijian has like 19 dialects
but also they have to speak like,
I can't even remember, should have written it down, but...
French maybe? No, no, it's not French Polynesia.
What is it? Is it French?
That's probably, yeah, I'm sure it's French.
But here's the crazy thing.
The kids, when they go to school,
English is compulsory.
Fijian isn't.
Yeah, I don't think it's French.
That's not French Polynesia Fiji, is it?
No.
People are saying German in the front row.
Well, Steve, do you know?
Maybe one of the Indian...
Oh, Hindi.
It's probably Hindi.
They probably have to speak Hindi.
There's a huge Indian population
but they're descended from
like five generations ago.
They brought...
I don't know who...
I have giant gaps in my...
I'm not a provider of this information.
But Indian people were brought there
or came there to work the sugar cane fields.
And then...
Could it have been slavery?
I don't know because part of the story is that
then they could go back.
And then a lot of them...
Maybe it was a really bad time in India.
And then a lot of them could go back.
But then there's just descendants there
of people who are like, are you fucking kidding me?
I'm not leaving Fiji.
And they have this really
positive attitude about multiculturalism there.
They have this military regime
that I don't know anything about
because they don't want to throw shade on it
because they're so nice.
But they have this tribe of...
They have these provinces
and then each province is headed up by an elder.
Because it's just old school stuff.
And they don't have any power
in the sense that
there's no contract.
But if you were to defy them,
they're like the greybeards
in Skyrim.
Alright.
You didn't talk...
But they...
You didn't mention how
when we got in the car,
one of the first things the guy said
when we got there was he was talking about
disrespecting local Fijians.
He was talking about a missionary that got
eaten there because he rubbed their head or something.
That's just...
What is that?
I rubbed his head.
He didn't eat me.
I don't know how much of South Pacific
islands the thing is
when I was in Tahiti, the third sun thing?
You know about that?
Yeah, but wait, hold on, because that's rich.
Rich is the third sun.
You know rich?
That's worth talking about.
I want you to talk about that
because you were telling us about that in Australia.
I thought that was really fascinating.
But the elders,
when the refugee crisis happened,
or it was actually a previous refugee crisis,
not the current Syrian one,
but it was something similar.
There's a bunch of people that needed homes,
and the elders
gave a bunch of Fijian land
to any refugees that wanted to come to Fiji.
Who doesn't want to go to Fiji?
But it's only on the condition
of the land.
It's theirs to live on and do as they please
and reproduce on and work until
the day they die and their children do whatever.
But it's just like, they can't sell it.
They're fucking ecstatic.
They have a thriving
section of people there
that were descended from refugees.
I think it was Afghanistan
and it was the Middle East.
Bad things don't automatically happen to you
just because you're like,
hey, if you want to use my pool,
you know?
Nobody's going to go,
you sooner could use it and take a shit.
It's the worst part of you
that assumes that about them.
Talk about your Tahitian...
I will get this wrong.
Does anybody know more about this than I do?
There's a thing called...
I forget the word for it in Samoan or Tahitian,
but I will get all this wrong,
so please send your letters to Steve Levy
at stevelevy.hotmailballworship.com.
There are a bunch of guys
on the island there
that are as big as every other guy
and they're raised as women, I believe,
and I think it's a third son thing.
If you're the third son, you are raised as a woman.
It's like a place of honor.
I think it's different throughout the islands.
There's a huge...
Transvestite culture.
They're regarded as
not divine, but special.
I believe there's a part of it
where if you're the third son,
you're raised to be another woman in the house.
And they're treated with huge respect.
They'll just be this giant
Pacific Islander guy
walking by you,
or he or she.
I don't know how it works,
but they have makeup on
and they dance the woman parts
and they do the female
work in the household.
I know I'm fucking all this up.
I have not done any research on it,
but that's the bits and pieces that I thought I picked up.
We went across the island
from the resort to where the locals hung out
on Sunday, which is their day off,
and it was all of them...
So this woman or
man or whatever,
Tupu or Topu,
my height or taller,
who was the bartender, and she was hilarious.
She's like, oh, you want to dance with me?
She'll come over. It's terrifying,
because I could fit inside
her like a costume.
But they're all just
all hanging out and there's no
separation between trans culture
or straight or gay.
They're all just one group.
It seemed like there was a liberal amount
of...
I think that waiter's gay.
We did have conversations
about...
Oh, was that person
trans maybe?
What did they think about that?
We didn't want to
be guests from the first world
in these people's living room.
It wasn't like,
let's turn over every corner and every stone
and talk a little bit about politics,
but never heard
anything that indicated
homophobia or transphobia or anything like that.
I wouldn't be shocked if
equatorial and island cultures
were a little more comfortable with that
for a long time coming, because
well, then I'd say
a bunch of shit that would make me some weird Archie Bunker
and throw splaining to
some shit that would get me in hot water.
But I suffice
it to say, I would just assume it's like
the more nomadic, like we got
to kill a mammoth or we're going to die
and like, oh, these people invented math,
so now let's just move in. Thanks for the math.
Those people had male gods
according to what I learned from Campbell
and the equatorial civilizations had
female gods and they were like
oh, you know,
God's a woman and a moon and a
tide and here's math
and here's algebra and here's all this shit and then
the dudes come down and they go like,
we know how to make spears sharp
but not that they weren't
brutal in those agricultural cultures,
but because you live by your plants
and you're growing out of the ground and then you eat them,
there's probably
a little less incentive
from going back
50,000 years for like, oh,
that guy throws like a girl, you know, like
fuck him, like there's something wrong
with him, like there's probably a little more capacity
for like, oh,
like who cares, like maybe you're good at math
or what, I don't fucking know,
just sue me tomorrow.
I just said a little fast skimming.
But you also told me, no, they hate it, they'll cut off your head
if you pretend, you know, I would be like,
I'm not surprised because I'm so smart.
I'm just fucking idiot.
I fucking hate myself. I'm going to kill myself right now.
No, no.
Boys and girls,
if you clap loud enough, he'll kill himself.
We have two, we have two,
we have official two pieces of business.
Real quick, let me interrupt you.
I just doing a bit of skimming.
I might have misunderstood a lot of that.
There's also a thing in Samoa called third gender
where there's a whole bunch of...
What? No, no, no.
Not in my town.
So I want to do more research on that.
I think I missed a lot of the information on that one.
Human beings are a motorcycle.
The front wheels are dick and balls.
And the back wheels are pussy.
You add a third wheel
and it doesn't tip over, but...
It's more stable.
Who wants that?
If you're in a chase, you can't go through a tunnel.
I don't want to hear it.
No, you have to make me go to the bathroom in my world.
Black bathroom, I don't know.
White bathroom.
What's next?
Is the Hulk going to be purple?
It's a domino effect.
Coming to get me.
There's no more white people tomorrow.
I'm going to wake up and all white people are going to be gone.
All white people are going to be gone.
Where do the white people go?
I'm the one that should be worried about that.
My audience is all white.
I don't give a fuck.
Who gives a shit?
I'm sorry.
If you're listening to this on your ham radio
in your Nazi bunker,
sharpening the teeth
on the bottom of your boots,
waiting for inauguration day
to come into my home
and just have your way with my dog
and drink all my soylent
and set fire
to my earthquake kits
and throw my safety pins in the garbage.
I'll give you
all the last reason
you need to do that.
I'll give you the big quote.
Who the fuck cares
about white people?
What if you woke up
tomorrow and they were all gone?
What is the end game?
Is it supposed to get to the moon
and it's all white people?
I wasn't going to say anything,
but what was with Leon's hair?
It was weird.
I know, it's so is yours,
but hey, I'm from the Bronx.
We would just start to fucking what?
I'm fucking dumb.
Who cares about your race?
What is the fucking white?
Why? What is the worst nightmare?
Tiger Woods?
He could hit the ball farther.
I'm not saying that automatically
we'd be stronger,
but I...
I don't think...
I just don't see the nightmare.
I try to get inside the head
of the enemy, you know, so I can try to like,
you know, and it's just like, I don't...
It ends at like this gate where it's like,
they don't think past that gate.
They're just like, well, it's...
They're sleeping with our women,
which is, I mean, it's a disgusting thought,
but that's where it comes from.
And then they're probably sexually frustrated
people who are like, this is me
that's not getting slept with,
and you know, they can't admit that obviously,
so it just fuels this crazy anger.
Yeah.
I mean, my pornography is all a bunch of white women,
like, so I guess like,
there's something deep-seated like,
you know, I want to like fuck a white woman,
so I guess if you're living somewhere,
I guess if you ask a girl out
and she's like, no, and then she sleeps with a guy
that's darker than you, I guess you're like,
that's it, that tears it.
But wouldn't you just have
that story and then just be like...
They're bad people, too.
I mean, it's not like...
They're bad people, I forgot.
All right, so the two items of official business are...
Let's get down to official
Harmontown business.
Order! Order!
Right, so we have Jane came...
I will clear this comment before I start.
Jane, I think you...
If I gleaned...
I heard through the grapevine, there may be some
official business that you have, right?
No? Yeah, sure.
Yeah?
There's a case in your lap.
Would you like to come up?
Jane, everybody!
Nice.
That's my music.
I like it. Yeah.
That's the official Jane theme.
Whoa.
I like your new hair. Is that a new hair thing?
New hair thing, I love it. Thank you.
So, yeah, so we have...
Remember back in May,
I brought a couple of glasses
for you and for Jeff.
A glass gate that we had made.
A glass gate. I still have mine.
You've still got yours? Yes.
But Dan's went missing.
Well, wait, what's this?
That's a new one. Oh, wait, but...
What's the case? A couple more.
Okay.
I thought this was Jeff's when I walked into the room.
Oh, Jeff!
And I was like, oh, that's bigger.
You thought when I didn't drink out of this,
you thought maybe I was sending you a signal.
And I was like, fuck your glass.
Use it, man. Use it.
Fuck your crowdfunded glass.
Wasn't there controversy about the crowdfunding?
Oh, yeah.
So, yeah, we...
After the first one was gone,
we assumed stolen based on
the word from backstage.
There was a lot of upcry
online, and we knew that you were disappointed.
We knew that people really enjoyed
seeing this special rocks glass
that we'd made.
So we... And for the listeners
not watching the video,
they're kind of a beautiful play
off of a red solo cup.
Yeah, so they're based on the design of a solo cup.
So I came up with the design for it,
and then I worked with a glass maker.
So I work in Corning,
and worked with a master glassblower to make glass...
And this is conflict glass, isn't it?
This is...
It's made out of sand
that...
From Aleppo.
There's a special...
When a mortar round
hits sand,
it creates a special glass.
It just has a little less aftertaste.
There's actually some Trinitite
mixed in there, too. There's some...
The molten sand from White Sands
is there from the first nuclear explosion.
No, no, I'm kidding. Sorry.
I've got bits.
You got bits? That's good. No.
I know you were interested in glass.
Yeah, so we did a...
We had Indiegogo.
We raised the money to pay the glassblower
to recreate his work.
And in the process, he made the double rocks glass
for you to make up for yours.
You've already got one, so we didn't make one for you.
I'm set.
Can we do a reverse Indiegogo
where I can just pay everybody back?
Whoa.
So we actually have a full set of four now.
Oh, cute.
With a slot for Dan and Jeff.
Also, for the listener,
it's in what looks like a weapons grade gun case.
Yeah, custom foam inserts.
So this is actually a request
from Chris and Sarah backstage
to have something in a Pelican case
that they can then store with the equipment.
It's a Nick Fury
beverage wear case.
How did you make those custom foam inserts, I want to know?
Because I've often
looked into getting some custom foam inserts
made for various briefcases.
I forgot about the sponsor.
Marcus's custom foam inserts.
Some from me inserts.
So many nights, like 2, 3 a.m.
I'll get a text from Spencer
just haranguing me about foam inserts.
It's near and dear to my heart, in all honesty.
We can take this offline.
Have you guys seen this commercial?
I don't have to watch commercials,
but we were in New York,
and so I saw a lot of this catheter cowboy
that I think I Instagram.
And then there was this guy,
like the MyPillow guy?
Have you guys know that?
Is that air here?
He's so proud of his pillow.
Because his product is called MyPillow.
In his mind, it's a brand name,
but it's just the words MyPillow.
So all he is is a nine foot
mustachioed, like kind of
firefighter physique guy
clutching a pillow to his chest,
just saying, MyPillow is the best pillow
you'll ever have.
He's just talking about
MyPillow and how great it is.
And it's adorable.
You're going to love MyPillow.
If you can get it.
I designed MyPillow
so that my head could...
I dare you to take MyPillow.
Normal pillows make you lose sleep.
MyPillow doesn't.
I wake up in the morning
refreshed all the time.
Call MyPillow.
If you want MyPillow.
Anyways, so Jane, how's it going?
Jane the person to give us some updates,
not Jane the glassware provider.
Right.
The second part.
So I've actually...
We've been talked on and off
over the last three years, really.
I've actually reached a point
where I have given notice at work
that I'd like my name officially
on the record to begin to be
Dr. Jane Cook.
So I'm hoping that it will come to pass
in the next couple of months at work.
So that'll be officially out there.
I kind of like that that's the last step.
Like I said something about you as a person.
I like the last step being the professional world.
It really needs to be...
I built up a reputation over 20 years
as a scientist.
And my name was out there on
papers and patents and whatnot.
So there was also a respect
for the institution.
I work at a museum,
which is a public educational institution.
And my transitioning my gender
is sort of my thing,
how I present it.
I don't want the story of that institution
to be me.
Right.
The story of the institution is glass.
It's science.
It's art.
It's history.
It had to get to a point where
I was feeling comfortable enough
with my presentation,
comfortable enough with my safety net,
that I was willing to then take
that next step in a way that wouldn't
impact the broader
world that I was part of.
But one thing that is
important to me, two aspects of this
is I'm not doing like a legal name
change and I'm not doing a legal
gender change because fuck it.
I don't need the government's
permission to say what I am.
I don't need the government's permission
to say what my name is.
Now when you've got a lot of people
who care about me, who like me to be me.
When you fill out government documents
and there's MRF,
you just stick with what was already
given just for simplicity's sake?
Well, I sort of think about
what's the intent of the demographic
information.
So if I'm going to be flying and there's
still a whole thing where if I'm going
to be reading mail, it's probably better
to put the M down.
But if I know they're just collecting
information about what's the gender of
the people who are buying this couch,
I'll put female.
Because I'm a female person on the couch.
I'm a female person still when I go through
the corner.
If you got the couch because it had
cup holders, you'll put male.
Exactly.
But if you got it because...
I like the fabric.
When you're talking to a trans person,
you can be totally...
you can just do all the old 80's
gender jokes.
Exactly.
Absolutely.
His toilet seat...
Yeah, I don't know about toilets.
It's up and down.
The directions.
But I want the toilet paper going around
like this.
I know how to push this button.
Yeah, it's good.
Yeah.
Yeah, so that's good.
So you gave notice, but do you have any
feedback from that?
I'm really lucky to work at a really great
place that it was...
Congratulations.
We're behind you.
This is great.
We're so happy to do this.
And you had that feeling about them.
They're people of science.
You worked in this...
You know these people forever.
And you know that they respected you.
And I think that's important to stress.
Like that's a real...
That's very menchi of you.
The real...
The reason you...
Femchi.
Menchi.
None by menchi.
Episode title.
You exercised restraint, not out of shame
and not out of profiteering
or self-preservation,
but out of actual deference to
the environment.
Like you said.
I'm just...
I think that's cool and neat.
Like very heroic.
Like there's...
There's different cultures out there
where we're all warring with each other.
There's people that are militant about the
fact that I don't want to throw them
under the bus if they're like,
if someone's gay and they're out there,
I'm going to out them.
That whole thing that we were going
through in the 90s when it was like,
you're out.
You're out.
We're outing you.
And then other people are going,
well, wait.
How is that helping if the person
wants to be in the closet?
There are very confusing issues and stuff.
So I find that fascinating.
You have to just sit on a couch with
cup holders and think about that shit
a lot.
Like you have to...
Nobody else has to...
Most other people don't have to think
that much about that shit,
which is actually part and parcel of...
On the reverse side,
isn't that part of the problem?
When we run into bigotry and stuff,
it's like people going,
what, I got to think about this now?
And it's like an un-plowed sidewalk
in front of their house that you didn't
tell them they had.
And they're like, oh, and resent that.
Like I don't have work to do.
I think there's a deeper psychological
and personality thing that goes into
this that...
I think just about anybody can come up
with some...
Some binary that they're a part of,
some system that's imposed on them.
But the real issue is what you...
Is buried in what you were saying,
is this idea of being self-examining.
And being...
Either just by your personal nature,
you need to be able to think about
how you think, you need to think about
how you fit in.
And if you have...
Unfortunately, if you have the privilege,
or if you're higher up Maslow's pyramid,
that you actually have the resources
and the privilege and the opportunity
to really dig into yourself
without sacrificing the fact that you don't have...
I've got a place to live,
I've got food, I've got clothes,
I've got family, I've got friends.
Okay, good.
I can think about whether or not
my gender identity matches
my equipment.
That's a privilege.
And then to be able to actually act on it,
that's another privilege.
And to be able to act on it
with a certain amount of safety,
that's another privilege.
And a lot of people don't get to that point.
But I think everybody...
I believe in my heart, everybody...
Nobody fits in to anything.
The game is to figure out...
That's why when they hear the word privilege,
they...
The alarms go up.
Because...
They think that it precedes
their fire truck being taken away.
You're privileged.
You have too much already,
and they feel like Judge Reinhold
in fast times, when the guidance counselor says,
sorry, but the party's over.
He's like, I'm waiting for it to start.
That's what privileged people feel
when they hear the word privilege,
is they're like, wait, privilege.
I just finished arguing with a lady at the bank
that it's my money,
and you're telling me stuff about...
And so it's not to validate anger and hatred,
but just to say, that's what's happening.
We all got a lot of shit to deal with,
and the word privilege is being perceived too much.
It's like, someone wants your pants.
You have too much pants.
No one wants your pants.
You don't have to give anybody your pants.
It's just never going to happen.
No one's going to come in and take your pants.
And that is what we get down to.
I'm proud of my race, and I'm proud of my gender,
because it's like...
There's almost an uplifting silver lining there
where it's like, well,
we used to be worried about who's going to take our property,
who's going to...
We're a First World Empire,
so we could be within reach of actual evolution
if the timeline goes one way instead of the other,
because we've really gotten down to shit
that are so fundamental to human nature.
We've gotten to this point where we're actually recognizing,
what's our fear point?
What really motivates us or demotivates us?
You can always sense how like,
Meg and Kelly talking all of a sudden,
like the Fox News thing,
it's like, that's what draws those viewers.
It's that thing of like,
up next, a law that says,
Santa has to be Mexican?
And they feed into this fear.
Folks in Acapulco say yes.
And there's always this unspoken story of,
what's next? What's next? What's next?
What are they going to do next?
What are they going to take away next?
And it's like, nothing's ever been taken from you,
and nothing's ever been given to you either.
Like, you don't even have that much.
If you're proud of Santa Claus' color,
like, you might be fucking disenfranchised too.
Like, you might be...
The fucking redneck.
You might be...
You might have been handed a pack of saltine crackers
by your mama and told that that's a six-course meal.
And that no one's ever going to take these saltines away from you, baby.
And it's like...
It's like, there's a bit...
Like, when people get upset, when they go like,
Santa Claus, there's a bi-racial Santa Claus at the mall.
What's going...
How could that happen?
50 years ago, Santa was white all the time.
Now he's bi-racial.
I can't take it.
It happens so fast.
The good news with that is that if Santa Claus' color can change that quickly,
that means you're a weak from being smart.
Like, you can change faster.
You're not a fucking logo.
You're not a children's book.
You're not a classic television show.
You're not a comic book.
Like, you're a fucking human being.
And there is...
You could have a new tradition that wouldn't be easily defileable
because it wouldn't be based on race.
Like, it would be having corporate...
We've done that with everything else.
No one got mad.
Well, actually, people did.
When someone invented the heater,
and someone was probably like,
Heaters?
That little tiny atom's making me hot instead of open flame?
What's next?
My baby living longer?
Like, progress fucks with shit that was happening yesterday.
Oh, in every fucking fundamental way.
What? I can't eat meat now?
Why always eat meat?
But was this meat country?
Was this white country?
It wasn't anything.
Your culture was a collection of fucking references.
Like, it was like, oh, Green Lantern's white.
Stephen King's a writer.
Everyone should have two dogs.
Fireplaces are square.
It's just random shit.
Like, that shit changing isn't good.
What am I talking about?
What did I...
Thank you for coming to Harmontown, everybody.
That's been our show.
Let's hear for Dr. Jane.
Congratulations, Jane.
Thank you for our glasses
and our beautiful foam cutouts.
Brought to you by Excelsior Foam Inserts.
The finest at Foam Inserts.
We want Foam Inserts at Excelsior Foam Inserts.
Steve Levy.
The guy that gave us the Werner Herzog book.
Spencer Crittenden.
Descend.
Devon Cook.
Devon Cook, Jane's son.
I'm Jeff Davis.
You may as well stand, Harmon.
See you next week.
Have a great day.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.
Feral Audio.